Docs: Adds some upgrade instructions (#9862)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/docs/guides/platform/migrating-between-projects.mdx

---
id: migrating-and-upgrading
title: 'Migrating and Upgrading'
description: Upgrading your project to the latest version of Supabase.
---

Supabase ships fast, and we endeavor to add all new features to existing projects wherever possible. In some cases, where we feel it might be unsafe to add features
to running databases, you have two options to get access to the latest features: upgrading and migrating.

## Upgrading

When you pause and restore a database, the restored database will be running with the latest features. This method _does_ include downtime, so be aware that your project
will be inaccessible for a short period of time. The steps are:

1. In the Project settings, go to "General" and click "Pause project".
1. Wait for the database to pause, it could take several minutes. You will be redirected to the home screen.
1. After the pausing activity has completed, click the "Restore Project".

> The restoration can take several minutes. If you database has a lot of data, then the restore process will take a lonnger. You will receive an email once the restoration is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The restoration can take several minutes. If your database has a lot of data, then the restore process will take a longer. You will receive an email once the restoration is complete.
```

Author: thanks @stavares843 !
